[shopsys] made image lazy loading configurable (#1532)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v8.1.0-dev.md

        ```

- add image and iframe LazyLoad ([#1483](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1483))

>     - lazy load is by default disabled, you can enable it by configuring new parameter in [`parameters_common`](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/8.1/project-base/app/config/parameters_common.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - lazy load is by default disabled, you can enable it by configuring new parameter in [`parameters_common`](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/master/project-base/app/config/parameters_common.yml)
```

        ```diff
                shopsys.display_timezone: Europe/Prague
        +       shopsys.image.enable_lazy_load: true
        ```
        !!! note

>             lazy loading will be enabled by default in next major

Reviewer 2: Admonitions can't be used in upgrade notes as they're not rendered in documentation website and github markdown don't know them
